以下是您使用《程序员模拟器》游戏的条款
本协议具有合同效力。请您务必审慎阅读、充分理解各条款内容，特别是免除或者限制本责任的条款、对用户权利进行限制的条款、约定争议解决方式和司法管辖的条款；
如果您未满18周岁，请在法定监护人的陪同下阅读本协议，如果希望监管未成年人，可以尝试多陪伴、督促等，未满18岁未成年监管不在此协议范围内；
请您详细阅读本协议所有条款，如您同意本协议，您可继续使用游戏服务。如果您对本协议或游戏服务有任何疑问或投诉、建议，可通过（暂时维护）邮箱联系。
一、游戏使用协议
1.不得使用游戏做出以下违法行为
（一）违反宪法所确定的基本原则的；
（二）危害国家安全、泄露国家秘密，颠覆国家政策，破坏国家统一的；
（三）损害国家荣誉和利益的；
（四）歪曲、丑化、亵渎、否定英雄烈士事迹和精神，以侮辱、诽谤或者其他方式侵害英雄烈士的姓名、肖像、名誉、荣誉的；
（五）宣扬恐怖主义、极端主义或者煽动实施恐怖活动、极端主义活动的；
（六）煽动民族仇恨、民族歧视，破坏民族团结的；
（七）破坏国家宗教政策，宣扬邪教和封建迷信的；
（八）散布谣言，扰乱社会秩序和社会秩序的；
（九）散布淫秽、色情、赌博、暴力、凶杀、恐怖或者教唆犯罪的；
（十）侮辱或者诽谤他人，侵害他人名誉、隐私和其他合法权益的；
（十一）违背社会公德的；
（十二）法律、行政法规和国家规定禁止的其他内容的。
2.不得使用游戏内容做出如下行为:
（一）使用夸张标题，内容与标题严重不符的；
（二）炒作绯闻、丑闻、劣迹等的；
（三）不当评述自然灾害、重大事故等灾难的；
（四）带有性暗示、性挑逗等易使人产生性联想的；
（五）展现血腥、惊悚、残忍等致人身心不适的；
（六）煽动人群歧视、地域歧视等的；
（七）宣扬低俗、庸俗、媚俗内容的；
（八）可能引发未成年人模仿不安全行为和违反社会公德行为、诱导未成年人不良嗜好等的；
（九）其他对网络生态造成不良影响的内容。
3.转载游戏内容范围:
录制、截屏以下内容:
3.1.下载过程；
3.2.安装过程；
3.3.运行过程；
3.4.游戏内画面（如果是节日限定版，此项不允许）；
3.5.开源.unity文件；
3.6.录制.unity文件；
3.7.其他不影响他人利益的，违法的画面（包括但不限于:游戏属性、游戏包等，此条出现侵权概不负责）；
3.8.一切解释权归游戏作者所有；
3.9.您不得以直播、视频等方式分享、传播游戏画面，尤其是打广告、赚钱的，产生的侵权行为您全责，作者概不负责；
同时，产生的任何收益作者不允许您取出，如果一旦取出，作者有权利关闭游戏下载、安装、在线通道等。
3.10.您不得欺骗他人游戏的下载通道等，如果发现，将对您处以警告并责令在60天内必须完成整治，否则产生的后果概不负责；
第二次警告游戏无法下载1-30天。
3.11.如果在违反3.9、3.10任意一条的同时辱骂作者，作者有权利关闭游戏下载、安装、在线通道等并永久停止游戏服务（本地运算除外）。
4.隐私收集权利:
我们目前不收集用户隐私，不代表未来不收集（若未来收集了，此处会变更）；
您需要对他人信息给予尊重，不得私自搜集、复制、存储、传播或以其他任何方式使用其他用户的个人信息，否则，由此产生的后果由您自行承担。
5.游戏可能因BUG、版本更新缺陷、第三方病毒攻击或其他任何因素导致您的电脑产生异常，作者不承担责任。
6.最终一切解释权归游戏作者所有，未来作者有该协议的所有权利。
7.如果产生违法行为，一切由用户来承担。
8.如果您从非Github库提供的链接中下载游戏，即视为非正版，产生的一切后果概不负责。
9.《程序员模拟器》是在最近更新频繁的游戏，如果下载旧版本体验，虽然您无法获得最新更新和最新内容，但是他们可以使用（联网联机可能不行）。
9.1.作者不保证旧版本可以完全正常运行，如果旧版本出现问题，产生的一切后果概不负责。
10.版权协议
10.1.此款游戏运用开源项目，包括但不限于:音乐、图片、视频、字体等，如果不小心侵犯了您的权益，请友好解决并联系删除。
10.2.如果您使用了侵权项目，产生的后果作者不负责。
10.3.作者产生的侵权、盗用等行为作者概不负责。
二、游戏开源协议
1.此游戏是开源的，您可以使用作者的包制作新游戏，但是您不可以做出以下操作:
1.1.说使用此游戏的包开发的新游戏是您独立制作的；
1.2.使用此游戏开发包并指责作者侵权的；
1.3.包括但不限于以上内容，此外，除了以上内容，游戏遵守CC4。
1.4.一切最终解释权归作者所有。
1.5.将游戏数值更改后重新编译，做出破解版等。
1.6.如果您将原本免费的开发包做成付费售卖，请立即赔偿其损失，如果执意继续售卖，一切后果概不负责。
1.7.私自建立服务器，镜像站，网盘转存，博客分享，Github库盗取等未经作者同意而产生的分流行为，一切后果概不负责。
2.如果因Github库、游戏网盘，下载工具，游戏缺陷等导致用户电脑损坏问题，作者概不负责。
三、法律
1.本协议的成立、生效、履行、解释及纠纷解决，适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律（不包括冲突法）。
2.您和腾讯之间因本协议发生的（和/或与本协议有关的）任何纠纷或争议，首先友好协商解决；协商不成的，我们一切概不负责。
3.本协议所有条款的标题仅为阅读方便，本身并无实际涵义，不能作为本协议涵义解释的依据。
4.本协议条款无论因何种原因部分无效，其余条款仍有效，对各方具有约束力。
四、结尾
健康游戏忠告:抵制不良游戏，拒绝盗版游戏；注意自我保护，谨防受骗上当；适度游戏益脑，沉迷游戏伤身；合理安排时间，享受健康生活。
1.此条款在您打开Github库的一刻起开始生效并视为同意，如果您在未同意此协议的情况下游玩该游戏并产生了问题等，作者应当不负责且免全部责任。
2.由于作者是个人开发者等因素，没有办法拿到公安信息数据库，所以作者的《程序员模拟器》没有防沉迷监管系统，如果孩子沉迷此游戏，作者应当不负责且免全部责任。
3. 您在使用游戏服务过程中应当遵守当地相关的法律法规，并尊重当地的道德和风俗习惯。如果您的行为违反了当地法律法规或道德风俗，您应当为此独立承担责任。
4.您应避免因使用作者的游戏服务而使作者卷入政治和公共事件，否则作者有权暂停或终止对您的任何服务。
5.作者不承担任何责任且免责（包括法律责任）。
6.本条款一切最终解释权、修改权、所有权等归作者所有，他人未经许可，不得擅自以修改等方式污蔑、诽谤（包括但不限于）作者，产生的一切行为后果由您承担。
7.除本条款之外，您还需熟知并遵守您当地的法律，如果本条款和您当地法律冲突，以当地法律为准，不冲突的条将继续作为约束合同生效。
8.如果作者不慎产生侵权行为，作者会在被告之后100天内整改，整改完成后，还留存于其他计算机中的数据信息作者概不负责。
9.作者会将条款进行翻译，由于翻译软件和您当地的语言可能一词多义等发生错误导致误会的，一切最终以中文版为准。
9.1.翻译后的条款具有不确定性，且不能及时更新，看看就好。


----------翻译版----------
---英语English---翻译提供:必应翻译（微软翻译）---
Here are the terms under which you can use the Programmer Simulator game.
This Agreement is contractual. Please be sure to carefully read and fully understand the content of each clause, 
especially the clause exempting or limiting this liability, 
the clause that restricts the rights of users, and the clause stipulating the dispute resolution method and jurisdiction;
If you are under the age of 18, please read this agreement accompanied by a legal guardian, if you want to supervise minors, 
you can try to accompany and supervise more, and the supervision of minors under the age of 18 is not within the scope of this agreement;
Please read all the terms of this agreement in detail, if you agree to this agreement, you can continue to use the game service. 
If you have any questions, complaints, or suggestions about this Agreement or the Game Services, you can contact us through Yhc201093@163.com email.
1. Game Use Agreement
1. Do not use the game to commit the following illegal acts
(1) Violating the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state policies, or undermining national unity;
(3) Harming national honor and interests;
(4) Distorting, vilifying, blaspheming, or negating the deeds and spirit of heroes and martyrs, or insulting, slandering, or otherwise infringing on the names, likenesses, reputations, or honors of heroes and martyrs;
(5) Advocating terrorism or extremism or inciting the carrying out of terrorist or extremist activities;
(6) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, or undermining ethnic unity;
(7) Undermining the state's religious policies or promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(8) Spreading rumors and disrupting social and social order;
(9) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or instigating crimes;
(10) Insulting or slandering others, infringing upon others' reputation, privacy and other lawful rights and interests;
(11) Violating social morality;
(12) Other content prohibited by laws, administrative regulations, and state provisions.
2. Do not use the game content to do the following:
(1) Using exaggerated headlines, and the content is seriously inconsistent with the titles;
(2) Hyping up scandals, scandals, bad deeds, etc.;
(3) Miscommenting on natural disasters, major accidents, or other disasters;
(4) Sexual innuendo, sexual provocation, or other content that is easy to make people have sexual associations;
(5) Displaying blood, horror, cruelty, or other such items that cause physical or mental discomfort;
(6) Inciting discrimination among groups of people, regional discrimination, and so forth;
(7) Advocating vulgar, vulgar, or kitsch content;
(8) Where it may cause minors to imitate unsafe conduct and conduct that violates social morality, or induce minors' bad habits;
(9) Other content that has a negative impact on the network ecology.
3. Reprint the scope of game content:
Record and take screenshots of the following:
3.1. Download process;
3.2. Installation process;
3.3. Operational process;
3.4. In-game graphics (this is not allowed if it is a holiday limited edition);
3.5. Open source .unity files;
3.6. Record .unity files;
3.7. Other illegal pictures that do not affect the interests of others (including but not limited to: game attributes, game packages, etc., infringement in this article is not responsible);
3.8. All interpretation rights belong to the author of the game;
3.9. You shall not share or disseminate game pictures by means of live broadcast, video, etc., especially advertising and making money, and you are fully responsible for the infringement caused by it, and the author is not responsible;
At the same time, the author does not allow you to withdraw any earnings generated, and if once withdrawn, the author has the right to close the download, installation, online channels, etc. of the game.
3.10. You shall not deceive others on the download channels of the game, etc., and if found, you will be given a warning and ordered to complete the rectification within 60 days, otherwise you will not be responsible for the consequences;
Second warning game cannot be downloaded for 1-30 days.
3.11. If you insult the author while violating any of the provisions of 3.9 and 3.10, the author has the right to close the download, installation, online channel, etc. of the game and permanently stop the game service (except for local computing).
4. Privacy Collection Rights:
We do not currently collect user privacy, which does not mean that we will not collect it in the future (if it is collected in the future, it will change here);
You need to respect the information of others, and shall not collect, copy, store, disseminate or use the personal information of other users in any other way, otherwise, you shall bear the consequences arising therefrom.
5. The author is not responsible for the abnormality of your computer caused by bugs, version update defects, third-party virus attacks or any other factors.
6. In the end, all interpretation rights belong to the game author, and the future author has all the rights of this agreement.
7. In case of illegal acts, the user shall bear all the responsibility.
8. If you download the game from a link not provided by the Github library, it is considered non-genuine and will not be responsible for all consequences.
9. Programmer Simulator is a game that has been updated frequently recently, if you download an older version of the experience, although you will not get the latest updates and the latest content, they can use it (Internet connection may not work).
9.1. The Author does not guarantee that the old version will function fully and shall not be liable for any consequences arising from problems with the old version.
10. Copyright Agreement
10.1. This game uses open source projects, including but not limited to: music, pictures, videos, fonts, etc., if you accidentally violate your rights and interests, please resolve it amicably and contact to delete.
10.2. If you use infringing items, the author is not responsible for the consequences.
10.3. The author is not responsible for infringement, misappropriation, etc. incurred by the author.
2. Game open source license
1. This game is open source, you can make a new game using the author's package, but you can't do the following:
1.1. Say that new games developed using the packages of this game are made independently by you;
1.2. Use this game development kit and accuse the author of infringement;
1.3. Including but not limited to the above, in addition to the above, the Game complies with CC4.
1.4. All final interpretation rights belong to the author.
1.5. Change the game values and recompile to make cracked versions, etc.
1.6. If you sell the original free development kit for a fee, please compensate for the loss immediately, and if you insist on continuing to sell, you will not be responsible for any consequences.
1.7. Unauthorized establishment of servers, mirror sites, network disk transfer, blog sharing, Github library theft and other distribution behaviors without the author's consent, all consequences are not responsible.
2. The author is not responsible for any damage to the user's computer due to Github library, game network disk, download tools, game defects, etc.
III. Laws
1. The establishment, entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the mainland of the People's Republic of China (excluding conflict of laws).
2. Any dispute or controversy between you and Tencent arising out of (and/or related to this Agreement) arising out of this Agreement shall first be settled through friendly negotiation; If the negotiation fails, we will not be responsible for anything.
3. The headings of all clauses of this agreement are for convenience only, and have no actual meaning in themselves, and cannot be used as the basis for the interpretation of the meaning of this agreement.
4. If the terms of this agreement are partially invalid for any reason, the remaining terms are still valid and binding on all parties.
IV. Ending
Healthy game advice: resist bad games and reject pirated games; Pay attention to self-protection and beware of being deceived; Moderate games benefit the brain, addiction to games hurts the body; Arrange your time wisely and enjoy a healthy life.
1. These terms shall take effect and shall be deemed to have been agreed to the moment you open the Github library, and the author shall not be responsible and exempted from full responsibility if you play the game without agreeing to this agreement and cause problems.
2. Due to factors such as the author being an individual developer, there is no way to get the public security information database, so the author's "Programmer Simulator" does not have an anti-addiction supervision system, if the child is addicted to this game, the author should not be responsible and exempt from full responsibility.
3. You shall abide by relevant local laws and regulations and respect local morals and customs when using game services. If your actions violate local laws and regulations or morals, you are solely responsible for doing so.
4. You should avoid involving the author in political and public events due to the use of the author's game services, otherwise the author has the right to suspend or terminate any service to you.
5. The author assumes no responsibility and is exempt from liability (including legal liability).
6. All final interpretation, modification rights, ownership, etc. of these terms belong to the author, and others shall not slander or slander (including but not limited to) the author by modification or other means without permission, and you shall bear all the consequences of your actions.
7. In addition to these Terms, you are required to familiarize yourself with and comply with your local laws, and in the event of a conflict between these Terms and your local laws, the local laws shall prevail and the non-conflict provisions shall continue to be binding on the contract.
8. If the author inadvertently commits infringement, the author will rectify the situation within 100 days after the defendant, and the author of the data information still stored in other computers after the rectification is completed, the author shall not be responsible.
9. The author will translate the terms, and if there is a misunderstanding due to errors in the translation software and your local language, etc., the Chinese version shall prevail.
---日语版 日本語---翻译提供:必应翻译（微软翻译）---
ここでは、プログラマシミュレータゲームを使用するための条件です
本契約は契約上有効です。 本規約の内容、特に本責任の免除または制限、ユーザーの権利を制限する条項、
紛争解決方法、および管轄権に関する条項を注意深く読み、十分に理解してください。
お客様が18歳未満の場合は、法定後見人の同伴で本契約をお読みになり、未成年者の監督を希望する場合は、
18歳未満の未成年者の監督が本契約の範囲外である、より多くの同伴、監督等を試みることができます。
本契約のすべての条項を詳しく読み、本契約に同意した場合、お客様はゲーム サービスを引き続き使用できます。 
本契約またはゲームサービスに関するご質問や苦情、提案がある場合は、Yhc201093@163.com メールにてご連絡ください。
まず、ゲームの使用契約
1.以下の違反を行うためにゲームを使用しないでください
(1) 憲法に定められた基本原則に違反する行為。
( 2 ) 国家の安全を危険にさらし、国家機密を漏らし、国家政策を転覆させ、国家の統一を損ねる。
( 3 ) 国家の名誉と利益を害する行為。
( 4 ) 英雄の行為と精神を歪曲、醜化、冒とく、否定し、英雄的教祖の名前、肖像、名誉、名誉を侮辱、中傷、その他の方法で侵害すること。
(v) テロ、過激主義、またはテロ活動や過激主義の扇動を助長すること。
( 6 ) 民族の憎悪、民族差別を扇動し、国家の統一を弱体化させる。
( 7 ) 国の宗教政策を弱体化させ、カルトと封建的迷信を広める。
( 8 ) 噂を広め、社会秩序と社会秩序を乱すこと。
(9) わいせつ、性的、ギャンブル的、暴力的、殺人的、テロ的、または扇動的な犯罪を広めること。
( 10 ) 他人を侮辱または中傷し、他者の名誉、プライバシー、その他の正当な権利と利益を侵害すること。
(11) 社会的道徳に反する行為。
(12) 国が定める法律、行政規則その他の内容
2. ゲームコンテンツを使用して、以下の行為を行うことはできません。
(1) 誇張されたタイトルを使用し、コンテンツがタイトルと著しく一致しない場合。
( 2 ) 噂、スキャンダル、悪行などを誇大宣伝すること。
(3) 自然災害、重大事故、その他の災害について不適切にコメントすること。
( 4 ) 性的な暗示、性的挑発など、性的な連想を生じやすい。
(v) 血まみれ、スリラー、残虐な行為が身体的および不調を引き起こすことを示すこと。
(6) 集団差別、地域差別等を扇動する者
( 7 ) 下品、下品、下品な内容を促進する。
(viii) 未成年者が危険な行為を模倣し、社会的道徳に反する行為を犯し、未成年者の嗜好を誘発する可能性のある行為。
(9) ネットワークエコロジーに悪影響を及ぼすその他のコンテンツ。
3.ゲームコンテンツの範囲を転載:
録画、スクリーンショット:
3.1.ダウンロードプロセス;
3.2.インストール手順;
3.3.実行手順;
3.4.ゲーム内の画像(フェスティバル限定版の場合、これは許可されていません)。
3.5.オープンソース.unityファイル;
3.6.....unityファイルを記録します。
3.7. 他者の利益に影響を与えないその他の違法な画像(ゲームのプロパティ、ゲームパックなど、この記事の侵害は責任を負いません)。
3.8. すべての解釈は、ゲーム作成者に帰属します。
3.9. お客様は、ライブ放送、ビデオ、その他の方法でゲーム画面を共有または配布することはできません。
同時に、結果の収益の著者は、あなたが取り出すことを許可しない、と一度取り出された場合、著者は、ゲームのダウンロード、インストール、オンラインチャネルなどを閉じる権利を有する。
3.10. お客様は、他者のゲームのダウンロードチャネル等を欺くことはできませんが、発見された場合、警告を発し、60日以内に修復を完了するよう命じられるか、または結果について責任を負いません。
2 回目の警告ゲームは 1 ~ 30 日間ダウンロードできません。
3.11. 著者は、3.9、3.10のいずれかに違反した場合、ゲームのダウンロード、インストール、オンラインチャネルなどをオフにし、ローカルコンピューティングを除き、ゲームサービスを永久に停止する権利を有します。
II. ゲームオープンソースプロトコル
1.このゲームはオープンソースであり、著者のパッケージを使用して新しいゲームを作成することができますが、あなたは次の操作を行うことができます:
1.1. このゲームを使用するパッケージで開発された新しいゲームは、独立して作成したと言います。
1.2. このゲーム開発パッケージを使用し、著者が侵害していると非難する。
1.3. 上記を含むがこれらに限定されないが、上記に加えて、ゲームはCC4に準拠しています。
1.4. すべての最終的な解釈は著者に帰属します。
1.5.ゲームの数値を変更して再コンパイルし、クラック版を作成するなど。
1.6. 元の無料開発キットを有料で販売した場合、直ちに損失を補償し、販売を継続することを決意した場合、すべての結果について責任を負いません。
1.7.サーバー、ミラーステーション、ウェブドライブ、ブログ共有、Githubライブラリの盗難など、著者の同意なしに発生するサブポップは、すべての結果について責任を負いません。
2.Githubライブラリ、ゲームディスク、ダウンロードツール、ゲーム欠陥などにより、ユーザーのコンピュータの破損が原因である場合、著者は責任を負いません。
第三に、法律
1. 本契約の成立、発効、履行、解釈及び紛争解決は、中華人民共和国大陸法(紛争法を除く)に適用されます。
2. 本契約に関連してお客様とテンセントとの間で生じた紛争または紛争(および/または本契約に関連する)は、まず友好的な協議によって解決されます。 交渉が成立しない場合、我々は全てに責任を負わない。
3. 本契約のすべての条項のタイトルは、読みやすく、それ自体が実用的な意味を持たず、本契約の意味の解釈の基礎として使用することはできません。
4. 本契約の条項は、いかなる理由であれ部分的に無効であり、残りの条項は有効であり、当事者に拘束力があります。
4、終わり
健康ゲームのアドバイス:悪いゲームに抵抗し、海賊版ゲームを拒否します。 自己防衛に注意し、だまされないように注意してください。 適度なゲームは脳を傾け、ゲームに夢中になる。 合理的なスケジュールと健康的な生活をお楽しみください。
1. 本規約は、お客様がGithubライブラリを開いた瞬間から有効となり、本契約に同意することなくゲームをプレイし、問題が生じた場合、著者は責任を負わず、全責任を負わないものとします。
2.著者は、個々の開発者や他の要因であるため、公安情報データベースを取得する方法はありませんので、著者のプログラマシミュレータは、中毒防止監視システムを持っていない、子供がゲームに夢中になっている場合、著者は責任を負わず、完全な責任を免れるべきです。
3. ゲームサービスの利用にあたっては、現地の法令を遵守し、現地の倫理・慣習を尊重します。 お客様の行動が現地の法律や規制や倫理に違反している場合は、その責任を負うものとします。
4. お客様は、著者のゲームサービスの使用により、著者が政治的および公共のイベントに巻き込まれることを避けるか、または著者がお客様に対するサービスを中断または終了する権利を有するものとします。
5. 著者は、いかなる責任も負わず、免責(法的責任を含む)を有しません。
6. 本規約のすべての最終解釈権、修正権、所有権等は、著者に帰属し、他者は、いかなる行為の結果も、いかなる行為の結果も、無断で、変更等によって著者を中傷、中傷、中傷してはならない。
7. 本規約に加えて、お客様は現地の法律を熟知し、遵守し、本規約と現地の法律が抵触する場合、抵触しない条項は拘束契約として効力を生じ続けます。
8. 著者が誤って侵害行為を犯した場合、著者は被告の100日以内に是正し、修正が完了した後、他のコンピュータに残されたデータ情報作成者は責任を負いません。
9. 著者は、翻訳ソフトウェアと現地の言語があいまいさなどの誤りによって誤解を招く可能性があるため、すべての条項を翻訳します。
